# Robot's and Cats 'R Us

Robots and Cats 'R Us is a fictitious robot retailer based in the year of 2100, where there are as many robots as there are humans and the main source of entertainment for most of the population is the Metaverse. Robots and Cats 'R Us sells a large variety of robots, ranging from service robots that can do all your chores for you, combat robots that protect your family and loved ones, and social robots that keep you entertained and provide you with company. All robots can be connected to the Metaverse using their usernames and can accompany you in your journeys through the Metaverse with a more humanlike appearance. Robots and Cats 'R Us also has a large range of virtual cats that will be your failthful companions as you journey through the Metaverse (just don't pet them to much, or they might scratch you). 
### Service Robots
These robots can do all your chores at home for your, including cooking, cleaning, taking out the trash, walking your pets, babysitting, appliance repairs, and much more! These robots have a simple and welcoming appearance, so they won't scare your children. They range from $2000 to $5000 and are shipped to your door within 2 days.
### Combat Robots
These robots will protect your family and loved ones from invaders and will put their own life on the line to keep you safe. They are much more durable then our service or social robots and can be kept outdoors 24/7. They have a monster like appearance that is designed to scare intruders away at first sight. Their exoskeleton is similar to human skin but much more durable. They range from $25000 to $50000 and since they are often built to order, they may take up to 2 weeks to arrive at your door.
### Social Robots
These robots will keep you company by engaging in small talk or sympathizing with you, playing board games, card games, or video games with you, or accompanying you on your errands; carrying your groceries and opening doors for you. They are the perfect robot to look after your loved oned who require assisted living. They range from $5000 to $15000 and are shipped to your door within 2 days. 
### Cats
Our adorable virtual cats behave exactly like real cats, but in the Metaverse. They will never stray to far away from you and can use their heightened senses to sniff out treasures or warn of danger. They are the perfect companion in the Metaverse, ranging from $100 to $500. Once you purchase one, simply enter their username in your account and continue your journey with your new companion.

<br/>

## Our Website
The Robots and Cats 'R Us website is a fictitious CRUD ecommerce website for choosing your next robot (or virtual cat). On the home page, you can select from a large range of robots and virtual cats. Clicking a card will redirect you to a new page with more information about your selection, including the manufacturer information, when your robot was created, the return policy for your robot, and your robot's previous owner. For educational and demonstration purposes, the user can perform all CRUD functionality; creating a new robot record, updating an existing robot record, or deleting a robot record (when a robot is "purchased"). Although this functionality wouldn't be necessary in a real ecommerce website, it is incorporated into this fictitious website to demonstrate my understanding of React and Next.js in a simple, but fun CRUD application. 
